[ft-template] Added cookbook for optimizing cost and performance (#239)
anyscale/templates: templates/fine-tune-llm_v2/cookbooks/optimize_cost/README.md

```
MFU = (Approximate model flops during fwd + bwd pass) / (total update time per step) / (Hardware TFLOPS)
```

And here is a rough breakdown of how each thing should be plugged in:

```
Approximate model flops during fwd + bwd pass = 2 * 3 * ctx_len * bs_per_device * num_model_params 
```

The factor `2` is for conversion of MACs to Flops, `3` is for approximation of the fact that backward pass takes ~2x more flops than forward pass. 

```
total update time per step ~ fwd_time + bwd_time
```

In reality this should include data ingestion speed as well, but we assume this is not significant since we are using ray data to overlap ingestion with compute. 

```
Hardware TFLOPS = Per device flops capacity per GPU spec and the data type tensor cores
```

For example for A100s when doing bf16 training this is 312 TFlops.

You can use this methodology to compute MFUs and compare different configurations with each other.

Here is some performance numbers we measured (in Jan 2024)

### 1xP4DE.24xlarge

> The numbers below were measured on a 1xP4DE node with 8xA100-80G. 

Reviewer: Is this lora or full param?

Author: LoRA. Added.

|-----------|--------------------------------|
| A10       | accelerator_type:A10G: 0.001  |
| L4        | accelerator_type:L4: 0.001    |
| A100-40G* | accelerator_type:A100-40G: 0.001 |
| A100-80G* | accelerator_type:A100-80G: 0.001 |
| H100*     | accelerator_type:H100: 0.001  |

\* subject to availability.

For instance if I want to use the example config `./training_configs/lora/llama-3-70b.yaml` and run a 70B model on A100-80G I have to change the following parts:

```
num_devices: 8
trainer_resources: {}
worker_resources:
  accelerator_type:A100-80G: 0.001
```

All of our default configs are setup for A10G machines due to their more accesibility.

#### Difference between `worker_resources` and `trainer_resources`

In LoRA training you can often ignore `trainer_resources` and just provide the GPU type required for doing training under `worker_resources` similar to the example above.

However, for full-parameter training on hetergoneous clusters (e.g. training 70B on A10G GPUs) it is a bit more convoluted. This is generally not recommended, but when you do not have access to X100 machines this is the only way you can still train super large models (fp16 and full-parameter).

> Ray Train allows users to specify a different set of resources for rank-0 vs. other ranks. Rank-0 is responsible for checkpoining and normally needs more CPU RAM than the other workers at the time of checkpointing, because of the implementation details around weight aggregation. In a heterogenous multi-node setting where you have both small nodes and large nodes with the same GPUs this can cause a problem, because it becomes important where rank-0 is stored and the cluster is not symetrically used all the time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray Train allows users to specify a different set of resources for rank-0 vs. other ranks. Rank-0 is responsible for checkpointing and normally needs more CPU RAM than the other workers at the time of checkpointing, because of the implementation details around weight aggregation. In a heterogenous multi-node setting where you have both small nodes and large nodes with the same GPUs this can cause a problem, because it becomes important where rank-0 is stored and the cluster is not symmetrically used all the time. 
```

To increase batch size beyond the capacity of GPUs, you either need to user more instances, or use [gradient accumulation]() which may be a better option when the difference is between multi-node vs. single node.

If batch size or context length are not specified they are automatically inferred based on some heuristics that may not be optimals of your use-case. Batch size is simply chosen based on a look up table of previous runs based on the context length. The context length is chose to be the max. of model's default context length and 95th precentile of the sequence length of your dataset.

To change these configs you can simply do:

```
context_length: <ctx_length>
train_batch_size_per_device: <bs>
# You can also change the validation batch size
eval_batch_size_per_device: <bs>
```

## Deepspeed configs

> By default, we encourage everyone to use Zero-DP stage 3 with parameter and optimizare's state offloading to be the safest in terms of memory consumption. But this setting is not the fastest. You can find other typical deepseepd configurations under `deepspeed_Configs`. A complete doc on all the configurations can be found on [deepspeeds doc page](https://www.deepspeed.ai/docs/config-json/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, we encourage everyone to use Zero-DP stage 3 with parameter and optimizare's state offloading to be the safest in terms of memory consumption. But this setting is not the fastest. You can find other typical deepspeed configurations under `deepspeed_Configs`. A complete doc on all the configurations can be found on [deepspeeds doc page](https://www.deepspeed.ai/docs/config-json/).
```

Reviewer: Is there a reason for C to be capitalized in deepspeed_Configs?

Author: No. typo.
